I told you what a joker is today's joker
show you there how the format
mobile phone and is a fast and
simple
first of all you will is turn off the
cell phone and here
Now I have to press the
guide and less hold for 20 seconds
then it will call 12345 second option
here you press the minus volume to
low
This volume up will make a noise
here is a little bit
that's it, it's direct business here I go
do what now down now to
top
1 2 3 4 5 and 2 345 was not the first time
can on the second as well on the second
third stage keep trying one hour
will leave here
then you should now follow the goal o
that little mouth to accept multiple Stephano is
go there in the other is the ps
letti
there is a truth that tightens here little
ready is already formatting the phone is a
little more when to format your home
that will do that is that here in
low that one should not lower the first
even here O workout he and the rebound
has on the first serve what blocks
To accept, it's already worth talking to yourself.
practically then guys check it out here
is to teach you who liked you like who
liked a lot favorite who really liked
and sign up to help us here at
channel of the games together with some
thing and if you ask for it and I'll go
show more videos aiea about games and
t-130 that is in the day to day and it is only then
and thanks